okay we're back with brian from LG here
and he's going to show us the nexus 4 so
again on the nexus 4 and again the
overworld theme for LG mu is our his LG
mobile com is our live without
boundaries scene and you know we
partnered with google on this handset
and they're very valued partner and as
you can see we have the nexus 4 here
it's got our unique patented flores
crystal reflection design which is also
evident on the optimus G as well and
it's not one design they're all
different on each device so with the
nexus 4 we got an amazing handset this
is definitely a phone for that Android
enthusiast because what we're looking at
is you know the latest and greatest from
from google jelly bean android for
dot-to-dot one and with that you get
some really cool features with this
plain Jane vanilla android operating
system but what those intuitive features
for example one of them I think the most
popular one is the photosphere
which is not over there so instead of
just opening it up what I'm going to do
is I'm going to grab a photo that i
actually did one
we're going to open it up for you and
photo sphere is really cool as of right
now it just looks like a panoramic
picture theoretically what you're doing
is a 360 panoramic picture and let's
turn it into a now a 3d panoramic
picture and as you can see I just did
one all the way around you can go all
the way around this was a picture I took
it a Christmas of venue that I went to a
few weeks back really a neat picture and
but you could go up and down and all
around you can picture photograph the
floor the ceiling how many pictures you
take yeah wherever you get you can do
the whole entire room exactly so really
really cool 3d picture you can view it
on your phone or you can view it on
google+ and upload it and share it to
your friends and family so that's
photosphere let's get out of that the
wrong way yeah the other interesting
thing that they have done is hold down
the home button and you can go into
google map and Google now is a bunch of
cards that allow you to manipulate rock
slide between different custom cards
from your weather to sports scores to
stock roads to your booking information
for rail for air for your hotel
information you name it you can get it
on here as far as their cards they have
about 25 cards available now my network
is moving a little bit slow at the
moment but they have 25 cards available
right now with more to come so that is a
google now really cool little feature
lastly not really a groundbreaking
feature by any stretch of the
imagination but basically a screen saver
is what i like to call it for your phone
when it's charged and plugging they are
plugged in and charged on the wireless
charger the docking unit more just a
regular charger it's called daydreams
bring this down and we'll show you what
that looks like go to Settings scroll
down to display and you're going to look
for daydream and right now under
daydream there's one that you can
download which is battery widget that's
an app I downloaded the rest are
installed on the phone colors currents
photo frame photo table so basically
photos people have a bunch of pictures
foreground photo frame will be just like
a picture frame Curren is basically
while your phone is plugged in it will
give you all the latest news articles
while you sit on your desk additionally
colors is just like I said just colors
floating around this one beam flinger if
you know how to access this one it's
pretty cool this is kind of like a
hidden hidden easter egg if you will as
i went paavana gem lower gem right you
can fling them around while it's on your
screen and lock and basically the way
you enable this is like any other
Android device if you go into the
settings menu
go to about and go to android version
and this is on any Android phone a lot
of your viewers may not know this but if
you just keep tapping on that he strike
pops up cap on that guy hold him down
and then this pops up and that unlocks
that little easter egger gem as you say
yeah so and then you can do on Ice Cream
Sandwich operating system on our optimus
G or any other version that's out there
so that is our Nexus 4 in a nutshell it
comes with 8 megapixel camera it is a
hspa+ compatible with 42 megabit
downloads which is very fast and it's
available right now on google play store
or limited quantities in t-mobile stores
very very cool little device you can get
them in either eight or 16 gigabyte
variants exactly
you